- EMILY: The resonance emitted from the HRA
is purely ### every variant of the Hiss ###.
- JESSE: It's happening!
After all these years, Dylan is here!
But am I too late?
How is he?
I need to know.
- EMILY: He's clearly been affected by the Hiss,
but it's different from any other manifestation we've ever recorded.
Maybe what makes you so special
is genetic.
He was a Prime Candidate.
Or maybe it's Polaris protecting him
something else affecting situation.
I need to run tests.
He seems...
...more in control, more present!
- JESSE: I want to see him.
My brother!
Or is he?
- EMILY: Of course.
Marshal has set up an HRA ### cage
to contain him. It's on the upper floor, up the stairs.
- JESSE: Okay, I need to go.
- EMILY: Jesse!
Be careful.